Name
Characters:

Plot

Reward

Special Considerations


Assassination
Characters: 2
Professor Flombower: A professor of horticulture. 
Assassin: A shady assassin.
Plot
Professor Flombower has recently come into a surprising amount of money selling flowers he makes that are useful as poisons. An assassin has been hired to take him out. 

Professor walks into town and makes themselves known. Possibly teaching people about flowers. A few minutes later, Assassin creeps into town. Assassin offers to lead the professor away from town, but does not reveal their intent to kill him.

If players help the assassin, they sneak up behind the professor and stab the Professor in the back. The professor dies dramatically

If the players refuse to help the assassin, the assassin will eventually sneak off.

If the players capture the assassin, they reveal the shady past of the Professor. Then takes a cyanide pill and dies. The professor flees
Reward
The professor has the following reward on him:
__Herbs that make poisons
10 coins

If the players help the assassin, he splits the entire reward with the party (he’s paid off screen)

If the players refuse to help the assassin, and tell the professor he is in danger, he gives one player 3 coins as thanks.
Special Considerations



Name: Bridge Guardian
#Combat
Characters:2
1 bridge guardian (Combat)
Speaks tersely, nods and single sentences.
“Forsooth! A heavily armored giant blocks the bridge, his eyes cannot be seen beneath his black helmet!”
Weapon with reach
1 travelling merchant
Goat mask
Plot:
Agree on one of the bridges for the bridge guardian to block
Bridge guardian goes to the bridge
Merchant goes to town
Merchant recruits some players by declaring there is a ominous knight who blocks the bridge to ___
Merchant and players 
Players may NOT go to the back of the bridge, nor cross the river (“Forsooth! The mighty river waters churn! You cannot cross!”)
Reward
The merchant should have 6 coins and 3 random herbs on them.
The merchant will haggle a deal with the players before departing, hopefully for less than is on them.

Special Considerations
Guardian:
If players negotiate too much or ask more questions than you have the answer to, tell them you've lost patience and won't talk to them anymore.
Combat:
Be CAREFUL. Fighting on a bridge can be dangerous
You can take 3 hits before being defeated. Remember players can only safely.
 take 1. Use slower, exaggerated strikes since you are a behemoth in armor
After 3 hits, offer to let the players pass. You have been bested. If they continue fighting you the 4th kills you.
Match your opponent. If they fight cinematically do the same.
Non Combat
A foul smell can cause you to flee
You will accept 4 coins as payment to let the group pass, or 3 with excellent negotiation
3 ingredients will also pay
1 potion will also pay
A poisoned weapon instantly knocks you out of commission, but you call dishonor on the person doing it.
Random plot notes:
Armor is expensive. You’re 
Merchant:
You want at least 2-4 people to come with you
Remind players they can’t have more then one person on the bridge at a time.
Haggle hard, but it’s okay to give players the max
Random Plot Notes:
You’re trying to catch up to your two brothers gruff (3 billy goats reference)



Name: Deer In The Woods
Characters:2
Noble: A noble who would like to go hunting
Deer: A literal deer
Get some deer antlers from the costume area
Someone fast
Plot
Deer and Noble agree on a place for the trap to be set
Put three __ herbs on the ground, this is the ‘trap’
Deer player goes off into the woods nearby the trap. Better if visible to players approaching
Noble goes to town and recruits some hunters (hoperfully 2-3)
Offers hunters 1 coin a piece, (And title?? __)
Noble brings the hunters to the trap and instructs them to hide
The deer slowly wanders up to the trap. If the players break concealment, the deer flees, but comes back when all hunters are hidden
If the deer is hit with a weapon it dies immediately and tragically.
Reward:
The promised coins
The players can keep the herbs on the ground that haven’t been eaten if they ask about them
Special Considerations
The noble should have 6 coins on them, in case they get robbed or killed
If the deer makes it to the trap, they should slowly begin consuming the herbs. If they consume all the herbs, they should wander off and the mod is over. (The players should still be paid one coin a piece)
This mod works best if the nobles initial hiding place is a little bit awful. Either too far away or too hard to run at the deer, which forces players to have it happen twice

__ Could be a soul?
__ Entity comes in to punish the deer slayer?
__ Person who kills deer is cursed?
